>> THIS IS WHERE IT ALL
HAPPENED, LAGUNA BEACH,
CALIFORNIA, A SMALL TOWN IN
THE O.C. WHERE I GREW UP.
I JUST FINISHED MY SENIOR
YEAR OF HIGH SCHOOL,
A YEAR I'LL NEVER FORGET.
I'M REALLY GOING TO MISS
MY FRIENDS, ESPECIALLY
MY BEST FRIEND, LO.
NO MATTER HOW CRAZY
IT GOT THIS YEAR,
I COULD ALWAYS COUNT ON LO.
THAT'S CHRISTINA.
SHE'S THE REVEREND'S DAUGHTER.
NO, REALLY, SHE IS.
THERE'S MORGAN.
HER GOAL IS TO SAVE HERSELF
FOR THE RIGHT GUY.
THAT'S TREY.
I GUESS YOU COULD SAY HE WAS
THE SERIOUS ONE.
BUT HE ALSO HAD THE BEST
PARTY HOUSE IN LAGUNA.
THAT GUY ON THE SURFBOARD?
THAT'S TALAN.
HE'S A JUNIOR AND HE'S HOOKED UP
WITH MOST OF THE GIRLS
AT OUR SCHOOL...TWICE.
THAT, THAT WOULD BE KRISTIN,
ANOTHER JUNIOR.
WHEREVER KRISTIN WENT,
DRAMA FOLLOWED.
SHE THINKS SHE'S HOT.
OKAY, I GUESS SHE IS,
BUT SHE CAN'T STAND ME.
HERE'S THE REASON WHY:
STEPHEN.
I GUESS HE'S KIND OF HER
BOYFRIEND, BUT STEPHEN AND I
HAVE BEEN REALLY CLOSE FOREVER.
WE'RE EVEN GOING TO COLLEGE
TOGETHER IN SAN FRANCISCO.
KRISTIN'S THE WRONG GIRL
FOR HIM.
I'M JUST WAITING FOR HIM
TO FIGURE IT OUT.
OH, AND ME?
I'M LAUREN.
MY FRIENDS CALL ME L.C.
I'VE ALWAYS BEEN THE NICE GIRL.
BUT THIS YEAR, I REALIZED
SOMETIMES YOU JUST HAVE TO
GO AFTER WHAT YOU WANT.
AND ALL THIS DRAMA STARTED AT
THE BLACK-AND-WHITE PARTY.
>> ♪ 'CAUSE PERFECT ♪
♪ DIDN'T FEEL SO PERFECT ♪
♪ TRYING TO FIT A SQUARE ♪
♪ INTO A CIRCLE WAS NO LIFE ♪
♪ I DEFY ♪
♪ LET THE RAIN FALL DOWN ♪
♪ AND WAKE MY DREAMS ♪
♪ LET IT WASH AWAY MY SANITY ♪
♪ 'CAUSE I WANNA FEEL ♪
♪ THE THUNDER, I WANNA SCREAM ♪
♪ LET THE RAIN FALL DOWN ♪
♪ I'M COMING CLEAN ♪
>> SUCH A FREAKY NICE DAY.
>> I WANNA GO TO THE BEACH
SO BAD.
>> I LOVE THAT...
>> WELL, I MEAN,
IT'S WHERE YOU LIVE.
>> I'M RELAXING.
>> THIS IS NICE.
>> ARE WE GONNA PLAN
A THEME PARTY OR WHAT?
>> WHAT HAVE WE DONE SO FAR?
>> DRESS-UP,
LIKE A DRESS-UP PARTY.
>> WE DID THE ARISTOCRAT PARTY.
LIKE TROPHY WIFE--
>> BUT NOT LIKE THAT.
>> WOULD THIS BE LIKE GO GET
LIKE A CUTE NEW DRESS?
>> OH, THAT COULD WORK.
>> WE COULD MAKE IT LIKE A
BLACK-AND-WHITE COCKTAIL HOUR.
BLACK-AND-WHITE COCKTAIL PARTY.
>> AT CAMMY'S,
LIKE NO ONE DRESSED UP.
>> WE HAVE TO MAKE SURE
YOU'RE NOT LET IN THE DOOR
UNLESS YOU'RE FULLY DECKED.
>> WHERE DO YOU WANNA HAVE IT?
>> A HOTEL.
>> THAT WOULD BE SO RAD.
>> SO WHAT SHOULD
THE INVITATIONS SAY?
>> EVERYONE'S GONNA WEAR
BLACK AND WHITE, SO LET'S MAKE
IT LIKE, BLACK AND WHITE...
>> A BLACK-AND-WHITE AFFAIR.
>> THAT WORKS.
>> LET'S DO THE GUEST LIST.
>> WE'LL DO 20 AND THEN
WE'LL LEAVE ROOM FOR LIKE TEN,
YOU KNOW, LIKE WE-FORGOT-YOU
KINDA THINGS.
'CAUSE THERE'S A LOT OF TIMES
YOU'RE LIKE, OH, I MEANT
TO INVITE YOU,
BUT I JUST FORGOT YOU.
(laughing)
>> MORGAN.
>> WHO DO WE WANT TO COME?
>> OKAY, WELL, US, OBVIOUSLY.
>> OUR FRIENDS, LAURA, BRIT,
AND JILL, JEN, SAHAR, NATE,
CAITLIN, JOCELYN.
>> STEPHEN, DIETER, TREY.
>> KRISTIN?
>> (coughing)
>> DRAMA, JUST KIDDING.
>> YEAH.
>> ♪ LIFE IS GOOD ♪
♪ WHEN YOU'RE AROUND ♪
(cell phone rings)
♪ NOTHING COULD BRING ME ♪
♪ DOWN ♪
♪ I CAN'T BELIEVE ♪
♪ WHAT I HAVE FOUND ♪
>> HELLO?
>> Hey, Kristin.
>> HEY, ALEX.
>> Hey, what are you doing?
>> I'M JUST LAYING OUT.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> Do you still wanna
hang out later?
>> YEAH, I DO.
I'M JUST GONNA VISIT STEPHEN AT
THE SURF SHOP REALLY QUICKLY
BEFORE I COME GET YOU.
BUT, UMM, IT'LL PROBABLY BE
AROUND LIKE 8:30, 9:00.
>> How are you and Stephen?
>> WE'RE GOOD.
WE'RE REALLY GOOD, YEAH.
>> STEPHEN.
>> HELLO.
>> HI.
>> WHAT'S GOING ON?
>> NOTHING, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> YOU KNOW, WORKING.
>> HOW IS IT?
>> IT'S LAGGING.
IT'S DEAD.
SHOOT ME NOW.
>> WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO AFTER?
>> WELL, TREY'S BARBECUE.
>> ARE YOU GONNA GO TO THAT?
>> MIGHT HAVE TO GO
COOK MYSELF A STEAK.
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
>> I TOLD ALEX I'D GO HANG OUT
WITH HER FOR A LITTLE WHILE, AND
THEN WE'RE GONNA FIGURE IT OUT.
>> YOU DON'T WANNA
GO TO TREY'S AT ALL?
>> I DON'T KNOW, CALL ME WHEN
YOU GET THERE AND THEN...
I'M NOT GOING IF LAUREN'S GOING.
>> REALLY?
>> DO YOU NEED TO GET THAT?
>> PHONE?
>> "SURF AND SPORT".
>> SURF AND SPORT.
YES, WE DO DO SURF LESSONS.
$80 A PERSON PER HOUR.
YOU HAVE A GOOD NIGHT.
NICE, SURF LESSONS.
>> HAVE FUN WORKING.
>> YOU LEAVING ME?
>> YEAH, I TOLD ALEX I'D
GO PICK HER UP.
>> THANKS FOR COMING BY.
>> ALL RIGHT.
>> BYE.
>> OKAY, BYE, STEPHEN.
>> HEY, LO, IT'S LAUREN.
I'M STILL AT TREY'S.
I'M THE ONLY SENIOR GIRL HERE,
SO CALL ME WHEN YOU GET THIS.
GOODBYE.
>> COME OVER TO TREY'S
RIGHT NOW?
WE'RE HAVING THE PRE-SESH AT
TREY'S RIGHT NOW, AND AFTER THAT
WE'RE GOING TO MY MOM'S HOUSE.
IS IT OKAY IF SHANE
COMES OVER, TOO?
>> YEAH, SHANE, COME ON OVER,
BUDDY.
>> KNOCK LIKE,
DUN DUH-DA DUN-DUN...DUH DUH.
YOU KNOW, WHEN YOU KNOCK.
>> DO YOU NOT LIKE BEING HERE?
DO YOU WANNA LEAVE?
>> NO, NO, I DON'T CARE.
STEPHEN'S GONNA BE LIKE
IN A LITTLE, HUH?
>> YEAH, HE'S GONNA COME HERE.
>> ARE YOU GONNA SPEND
THE NIGHT THERE?
>> HEY, DIETER!
>> I'M CLAIMING THAT AS MINE.
THAT WAS MY HAT FROM SOME NIGHT,
I SWEAR TO GOD.
>> NO, IT'S NOT.
TREY GAVE THIS TO ME.
IT'S BEEN AT MY HOUSE LIKE
SINCE HE GAVE IT TO ME.
>> BULL--.
>> NO, NOT BULL.
>> WE'RE GOING BUBBLE-BATHING
TONIGHT, YOU WANNA COME?
>> BUBBLE-BATHING?
>> WE'RE GONNA BE PUTTING BUBBLE
BATH IN JACUZZIS, SO IT CREATES
A MASSIVE AMOUNT OF BUBBLES.
>> NOW, WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT?
>> WHY WOULDN'T YOU DO THAT?
>> BECAUSE DON'T YOU HAVE TO
EMPTY THE JACUZZI?
>> WE'RE NOT GONNA DO IT
IN MY JACUZZI.
>> WE'RE GONNA GO TO A HOTEL.
>> THAT'S MEAN.
>> THAT'S MEAN?
>> YEAH!
>> WELL, I'LL WRITE THEM
A SORRY LETTER.
>> HOW CONSIDERATE IS THAT?
SHE'S THINKING ABOUT THE HOTEL.
>> L.C. ALWAYS THINKS ABOUT
THE SMART...
>> REMEMBER WHEN I USED
TO BE THE SMART ONE?
>> NO.
>> YEAH, I DON'T REMEMBER
THAT EITHER.
>> THAT NEVER HAPPENED.
>> STEVE-O!
STEVE-O!
>> I PROMISE I'LL BE HOME
IN 20 MINUTES.
[indistinct chatter]
>> DID YOU COME SOLO?
>> YEAH.
STOP.
>> STOP.
>> STOP IT.
>> I CAN'T PAINT MY NAILS
LIKE THIS.
>> KRISTIN...
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO PUT THOSE ON
BEFORE YOU PAINT YOUR TOES.
>> I FORGOT, I FORGOT.
>> DO YOU KNOW IF STEPHEN HAS
TALKED TO LAUREN RECENTLY
AT ALL?
>> THEY'RE FRIENDS, BUT SHE'S
LIKE A STUCK-UP LITTLE BRAT.
>> OH, I KNOW.
>> YEAH, BUT HE'S MINE...
>> IF YOU AND STEPHEN HAD BABIES
THEY'D BE SO GOOD-LOOKING.
(laughing)
THEY WOULD!
>> 'CAUSE STEPHEN'S ALL TAN.
>> STEPHEN'S HOT.
>> STEPHEN'S REALLY HOT.
>> HE LIKES YOU SO MUCH, AND
HE'S LIKE ADMITTING IT TO YOU.
>> I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!
>> HE CAN'T HELP HIMSELF SMILE
WHENEVER HE SEES YOU AND...
>> CALL ME TOMORROW.
>> YEP.
>> WE'LL GIVE YOU INVITATIONS
CALLED A BLACK-AND-WHITE AFFAIR,
AND YOU CAN ONLY WEAR BLACK
AND WHITE, AND IT'S FORMAL.
>> IT'S FRIDAY NIGHT
AT THE  SURF AND SAND.
AND WE GOT THE SUITE.
>> IF YOU'RE WEARING ANY COLOR,
YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED IN.
>> ♪ CAN'T HELP MYSELF ♪
♪ OH, YEAH, YOU WERE WILD ♪
♪ AND I WAS TOO ♪
♪ 'CAUSE I WAS REALLY INTO YOU ♪
♪ YOU WERE REALLY INTO ME ♪
♪ HOW I WISH WE WERE ♪
♪ RIGHT THERE, RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ I KNOW WHAT'S WRONG ♪
♪ I KNOW WHAT'S RIGHT ♪
♪ I KNOW HOW I FEEL TONIGHT ♪
♪ I CAN'T HELP ♪
♪ I CAN'T HELP MYSELF ♪
>> I WANNA GO TO THE HOUSE.
COME OVER?
LATER.
YEAH, I'M GONNA GO TO MY HOUSE.
>> ♪ CAN'T HELP MYSELF ♪
>> ♪ I GUESS THIS IS ♪
♪ A DIFFERENT KIND ♪
♪ OF WONDERFUL ♪
♪ WE'RE IN LOVE ♪
♪ IN THE REAL WORLD ♪
♪ IT'S NOT WHAT I THOUGHT ♪
♪ IT WOULD BE ♪
♪ BUT I CAN'T LET THIS GO ♪
>> WATCH YOUR HEADS, GUYS.
>> ♪ A DIFFERENT KIND ♪
♪ OF HAPPINESS ♪
♪ DOESN'T GET MORE REAL ♪
♪ THAN THIS ♪
>> KEEP GOING, KEEP GOING.
THAT SHOULD BE ABOUT SQUARE
WITH THE HOLE RIGHT THERE.
HEY, HOW'S IT GOING, BUDDY?
WE'RE JUST DROPPING A PALM
INTO MY BACKYARD, RIGHT NOW.
>> HEY, STEPHEN.
WHERE'S YOUR DAD AT?
>> UMM, I DON'T KNOW.
HE'S SOMEWHERE MEASURING STUFF.
>> SHUT UP.
HE HAS TO DO THAT KINDA STUFF?
>> MY DAD'S THE ARCHITECT.
HE'S GOTTA DO ALL
THAT FUN STUFF.
>> I THOUGHT HE JUST DRAWS
THE THING.
>> THERE'S MORE TO BEING AN
ARCHITECT THAN JUST DRAWING IT.
>> DO YOU WEAR HARD HATS?
>> NO.
>> THAT'S KINDA RANDOM.
PEOPLE ARE GONNA TRIP OVER THAT.
>> WHAT?
>> THAT THING RIGHT THERE.
>> OH, IT DOESN'T STAY THAT WAY.
>> (whistling)
DUDE, YOU HAVE THE SICKEST VIEW
OF LIKE ANYBODY I KNOW.
>> COME ON.
>> AWESOME.
>> SISTER'S ROOM.
AND MY ROOM.
>> IS YOUR ROOM THE BEST?
>> OF COURSE.
>> I THINK MY BED GOES HERE.
SO YOU'RE ON MY BED.
>> NICE.
>> I HAVE TWO CLOSETS.
>> SHUT UP.
>> THIS IS MY CLOTHES CLOSET,
AND THAT ONE'S MY SHOE
AND PURSE CLOSET.
>> IT'S NICE.
>> DONE, DONE.
>> DUDE, THIS THING
IS SO GNARLY.
THIS REMINDS ME OF
THE HOUSES ON  THE O.C.
OH, MY GOD.
>> MAYBE THIS IS THE JACUZZI?
>> LOOK AT THE PEOPLE THAT ARE
DOWN ON THE BEACH RIGHT NOW.
NO, THE JACUZZI'S OVER THERE.
>> MMM.
>> LET'S GO SIT IN THE JACUZZI.
IT'S GONNA BE SO NICE.
(whistling)
>> OH, IT'S JUST
LIKE MY OLD ONE.
>> JETS, I COULD SEE IT JUST...
AHH...MMM...
>> THAT'S KRISTIN'S HOUSE.
>> WHERE?
>> RIGHT THERE.
>> OH, YEAH.
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE A NICE LITTLE
ROOM UP IN SAN FRANCISCO
AND COME BACK TO THIS PLACE?
>> OH, MY GOD.
I'M NOT GONNA WANNA LEAVE.
>> YOU'RE NOT GONNA
WANNA LEAVE UP THERE?
>> NO, I'M NOT GONNA
WANNA LEAVE HERE.
>> I KNOW.
IT'S PRETTY SWEET.
>> ♪ 15 THERE'S STILL TIME ♪
♪ FOR YOU ♪
♪ 22 I FEEL HER TOO ♪
♪ 33 YOU'RE ON YOUR WAY ♪
♪ EVERY DAY'S A NEW DAY ♪
♪ OOH, OOH, OOH... ♪
>> YEAH, LIKE, I DON'T KNOW,
I'M REALLY STRESSED OUT ON
STEPHEN AND LAUREN BECAUSE LAST
NIGHT, HE TOLD ME HE WAS GOING
TO BED EARLY, AND THEN TODAY
I FOUND OUT THAT HE WAS
AT HER HOUSE, AND...
>> DO YOU KNOW IF
THEY HOOKED UP?
>> HE SAYS THAT THEY DIDN'T.
>> DOES THAT BUM YOU--
I MEAN, IT'S KIND OF FUNNY,
YOU GUYS HAVE A RELATIONSHIP.
IT'S LIKE ON AND OFF.
'CAUSE IT'S--YOU HOOK UP WITH
HIM, HE HOOKS UP WITH LAUREN,
YOU HOOK UP WITH HIM,
HE HOOKS UP WITH LAUREN.
AND I KINDA COME IN ON THE SIDE,
KINDA LIKE GRAB ONE OF YOU
EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
GOSH, OUR TOWN IS SO SMALL.
WE NEED ANOTHER GIRL.
>> WHAT'S THAT
SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
>> I DON'T KNOW.
I'M KINDA SICK OF HOOKING UP
WITH THE SAME GIRL.
>> YOU'RE SICK OF HOOKING UP
WITH THE SAME GIRL?
>> YEAH.
>> WHO?
>> YOU KNOW IT'S YOU.
>> IT SEEMS LIKE WHENEVER I CALL
YOU, YOU'RE WITH STEPHEN.
WHENEVER I CALL LAUREN,
SHE'S WITH STEPHEN.
>> EITHER WANT US TO GO BACK OUT
OR STOP WHATEVER WE'RE DOING.
>> SO DO YOU THINK IT'S LAUREN'S
FAULT THAT THEY'RE HANGING OUT
ALL THE TIME?
>> I THINK IT'S BOTH
THEIR FAULTS.
I JUST HATE LAUREN.
SHE NEEDS TO JUST LIKE
GET OUT OF THE WAY.
>> THAT'S A LITTLE HARSH.
>> I'M GONNA SHOW YOU A SUITE.
YOU'RE ABOUT 30 PEOPLE,
FROM WHAT I UNDERSTAND?
THE HOTEL ROOM USUALLY
RENTS FOR $700 A NIGHT.
>> SOUNDS FABULOUS.
>> OH, IT'S SO NICE.
>> OOH, I LIKE THE BIG DECK.
>> SO DO I.
I REALLY LIKE THE BIG DECK.
>> SO OBVIOUSLY YOU SEE HOW
CLOSE THIS GUESTROOM IS TO
ALL THE OTHER GUESTROOMS.
AND OBVIOUSLY NOISE IS A CONCERN
FOR US WHILE YOU'RE HERE.
>> NOISE CONTROL, YEAH.
>> I UNDERSTAND YOU'RE NOT
PLANNING A DANCE PARTY
OR ANYTHING LIKE THAT.
SO IT'S MORE KIND OF
A GET-TOGETHER.
>> DEFINITELY.
WE'RE TRUSTWORTHY, DON'T WORRY.
>> YOU'RE TRUSTWORTHY?
ALL RIGHT.
>> WAIT, ARE YOU GOING WITH L.C.
OR ARE YOU GOING WITH KRISTIN?
>> THERE'S LIKE MAD TENSION,
THOUGH, SO I DON'T KNOW.
>> CAN YOU IMAGINE LIKE L.C. AND
KRISTIN LIKE FIGHTING OVER YOU?
>> HAVING LAUREN AND KRISTIN
FIGHTING OVER YOU?
>> YEAH!
>> KRISTIN'S LIKE A REALLY
GOOD GIRL TO HOOK UP WITH
AND HAVE FUN WITH.
THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYING.
WE CAN JUST HAVE SO MUCH FUN.
BUT COMING DOWN TO LIKE THE
BOYFRIEND AND GIRLFRIEND STUFF,
IT'S LIKE...
LAUREN'D BE LIKE A BETTER GIRL--
>> SUCH DRAMA, DUDE.
>> IT IS.
>> YOU'RE A SENIOR THOUGH, DUDE.
>> I KNOW, IT SUCKS FOR ME
'CAUSE I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO.
AND EITHER WAY, I'M GONNA BE
LIKE HURTING ONE.
>> IT'S A TOUGH CHOICE, MAN,
BUT IT'S A PREDICAMENT YOU HAVE.
IT'S LIKE US.
>> EXACTLY.
(doorbell)
>> HI.
>> HELLO.
>> WHAT'S UP?
>> READY?
>> YEP.
>> BYE, DAD!
OKAY.
>> SEE YA, DENNIS.
>> ♪ WE CAN GO CRAZY NOW THAT ♪
♪ YOU HEAR ME CALLING YOU ♪
♪ I KNOW I'M GETTING THROUGH ♪
♪ BABY, NOTHING CAN FAZE ME ♪
♪ NOW YOU CAN HEAR ME ♪
♪ CALLING YOU ♪
♪ I KNOW I'M GETTING THROUGH ♪
>> WHAT THE HELL DID TALAN
SAY TO YOU TODAY TO GET YOU
SO PISSED OFF?
>> AT YOU?
>> YEAH.
>> I SENT YOU TWO MESSAGES
AND THEN YOU'RE LIKE,
"I KNOW WHY YOU'RE NOT
"RESPONDING 'CAUSE YOU KNOW
YOU'RE LYING."
OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
>> YOU DID LIE TO ME.
>> I DIDN'T LIE TO YOU.
I WENT TO SLEEP LAST NIGHT.
>> TAYLOR SAW YOU AT 9:15,
STEPHEN.
>> WHERE'D SHE SEE ME?
>> DRIVING DOWN FROM
LAUREN'S HOUSE.
>> HOW WOULD SHE KNOW
I WAS AT LAUREN'S HOUSE?
>> WELL, YOU WERE, SO, I MEAN,
DON'T SAY THAT BECAUSE YOU WERE.
>> MAYBE TAYLOR DID SEE ME,
BUT IT WASN'T AT 9:15.
THAT'S FOR SURE.
>> I KNOW, SO YOU WERE
AT LAUREN'S HOUSE.
YOU JUST LIED TO ME.
>> THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYING.
I WAS THERE--IT WAS PROBABLY
LIKE 7:30 WHEN I WAS THERE.
>> SO THEN WHAT WERE
YOU DOING UP THERE?
SEE, I DON'T BELIEVE YOU.
>> SHE WAS WEIRDED OUT 'CAUSE
PEOPLE'D ASK HER, "SO WHAT'S
GOING ON WITH YOU AND STEPHEN?"
AND STUFF LIKE THAT,
AND SHE DIDN'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY.
>> SHE COULDN'T BE LIKE,
"UH, NOTHING, WE'RE FRIENDS"?
>> I GUESS THAT'S NOT THE WAY
SHE FEELS OR SOMETHING
LIKE THAT.
>> AND ALL I'VE HEARD ABOUT WAS
THAT YOU AND LAUREN HAD SEX.
AND LIKE, "STEPHEN AND LAUREN--"
ALL RIGHT.
>> THERE WERE SO MANY TIMES
I COULD'VE GONE AND LIKE
HUNG OUT WITH HER.
>> ALL RIGHT, I DON'T LIKE HER.
I HATE HER.
BUT I AM OVER IT, IF ALL
I'M GONNA HEAR ABOUT IS
YOU AND LAUREN.
YOU KNOW?
THEN, YEAH, I'M OVER IT.
>> ♪ AND EVERY TIME ♪
♪ YOU GO AWAY ♪
♪ KNOW INSIDE ME ♪
♪ THERE'S A RAIN CLOUD ♪
>> IT IS FUN GETTING READY,
THOUGH.
>> I KNOW.
>> I LIKE GETTING READY, EVEN IF
YOU DON'T REALLY DO ANYTHING.
>> I'M WEARING THIS.
>> THIS, REALLY?
THAT'S SO CUTE.
>> DO YOU KNOW THE DRESS I WORE
TO PROM SOPHOMORE YEAR?
>> OH, WHEN YOU WENT WITH HUGH
AND HE GOT KICKED OUT!
>> IS THAT THE ONE
WITH THE BOW?
>> NO!
FRESHMAN YEAR DRESS!
>> SHUT UP!
>> DID YOU SEE MY DRESS?
IT WAS ORANGE!
>> I HAD A CUTE DRESS.
>> IT WAS THE B.C.B.G. ONE.
GREEN WITH THE...
>> OH, THAT ONE WAS SO PRETTY!
I REMEMBER I TRIED
TO FIT INTO IT.
>> KRISTIN AND ALL THE JUNIOR
GIRLS ARE COMING, RIGHT?
>> UH, YEAH.
>> WHAT DO YOU THINK KRISTIN
AND STEPHEN ARE GONNA FIGHT
ABOUT TONIGHT?
>> SERIOUSLY.
>> I DON'T KNOW,
BUT HOPEFULLY THEY'RE NOT LOUD.
>> OH, THEY WILL BE.
>> I WISH I HAD A WHITE DRESS.
>> I KNOW, THAT'S WHAT
I WANTED TO WEAR!
>> I KNOW!
I HAVE NOT FOUND A CUTE
WHITE DRESS, LIKE, EVER.
THEY'RE ALL TRASHY AND TACKY.
>> AWW, YOU LOOK PRETTY.
>> UMM, I HAVE TO ASK,
WHAT SHOES SHOULD I WEAR?
OKAY, HERE, THIS ONE?
>> MM-HMM.
>> OR THIS ONE?
>> THOSE LOOK MORE APPROPRIATE
WITH THE OUTFIT.
>> I'LL CALL STEPHEN AND MAKE
SURE THEY'RE COMING TO GET US.
I'M REALLY NOT INTO THIS.
>> BUS IS LEAVING!
>> IS THAT COLOGNE?
>> I RAN OVER IT.
>> IT'S BROKEN!
>> YOU JUST RAN OVER MY
EXPENSIVE THING OF COLOGNE,
DUDE.
>> I WASN'T AT FAULT!
>> HOW ARE YOU NOT AT FAULT
FOR RUNNING OVER MY COLOGNE?
IF I PUT A BABY NEXT TO YOUR CAR
YOU GONNA RUN OVER IT?
>> WHY WOULD YOU PUT A BABY--
>> WHY WOULD I PUT COLOGNE
NEXT TO YOUR CAR, DUDE?
>> THAT'S MY QUESTION!
IT'S YOUR FAULT.
>> THIS'LL BE THE BEST
PARTY OF OUR SENIOR YEAR.
YOU GOT THAT?
>> WHAT'S KRISTIN'S PHONE NUMBER
'CAUSE SHE'S WITH ALL--
>> I JUST SPOKE TO DIETER,
AND I TOLD...HE'S LIKE, "ME,
"STEPHEN, KRISTIN, AND JESSICA
"ARE GONNA STOP BY AND SAY HI,
"THEN WE'RE CRUISING OVER
TO POLSTER'S."
>> WHAT?
>> I WANNA STAY FOR LIKE
FIVE MINUTES.
>> JESUS, STOP COMPLAINING.
>> OH, MY GOD.
OKAY, I'M SORRY, STEPHEN.
I DON'T WANNA HANG OUT WITH
THESE PEOPLE RIGHT NOW.
(knocking)
>> HI!
>> HELLO, HI.
>> HOW'S IT GOING?
>> THIS IS TREY'S SUIT,
AND IT'S BLUE AND WHITE.
>> I KNOW!
>> THIS IS FUN, THOUGH.
LET'S TURN UP THE MUSIC
AND DANCE.
(loud music)
>> COME ON, LET'S DANCE!
COME ON, EVERYONE, DANCE!
>> WHOO!
>> ♪ YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH ♪
♪ YOU CAN TELL BY THE WAY ♪
♪ I USE MY WALK ♪
♪ BY THE WAY I TALK ♪
♪ AND THE WAY I MOVE ♪
♪ I'M A PLAYER, MAMA ♪
♪ HE AIN'T THE 'RILLA ♪
♪ I AIN'T GET IT ♪
♪ YOU CAN TELL BY THE WAY ♪
♪ I PLAY THIS GAME ♪
♪ AND I CHECK MY CHANGE ♪
♪ AND I DO MY THING ♪
>> YOU GUYS HAVE TO COME
SLEEP HERE, AND WE'RE DOING
THE TWO GLUG BLUEBIRD RUN.
WE'RE ALL RUNNING DOWN THERE
AND JUMPING IN THE WATER.
>> NAKED?
>> NO, I'M WEARING A BATHING
SUIT, YOU CAN GO NAKED.
>> STEPHEN'S LIKE, "WE'RE ONLY
HERE FOR FIVE MINUTES."
THIS IS BULL--
>> IS THIS LIKE THE BOYCOTTING
HOTEL ROOM PARTY RIGHT HERE?
>> I LIKE THAT WE'RE ALL
WEARING BLACK AND
KRISTIN'S WEARING WHITE.
HOW IRONIC.
>> I'M THE ONLY ONE THAT
WORE WHITE, I'M DIFFERENT!
>> I JUST WANNA JUST--
>> I KNOW.
>> ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO.
>> STEPHEN'S LAGGING.
>> ♪ HIT THE THROTTLE ♪
♪ YOU'S A FOOL ♪
♪ TELL BY THE WAY ♪
♪ I USE MY WALK ♪
♪ BY THE WAY I TALK ♪
♪ AND THE WAY I MOVE ♪
>> ALL RIGHT, I'M GOING ON
THE DECK SO WE CAN GET THIS
OVER WITH.
I WANNA GET OUTTA HERE.
>> I'M LEAVING.
>> PLEASE!
>> WHAT'S GOING ON?
>> I SWEAR, IF KRISTIN SAYS SHE
WANTS TO LEAVE ONE MORE TIME,
I'M GONNA PICK HER UP AND
PHYSICALLY REMOVE HER
FROM THE HOTEL.
>> ♪ I CONFESS ♪
♪ THERE'S SOMETHING TRAGIC ♪
♪ IN HER EYES ♪
♪ SHE'S BLESSED ♪
♪ DEPRESSED ♪
♪ HER INNER BEAUTY ♪
♪ REMAINS CONFINED ♪
♪ WILL SHE STAY LOCKED UP ♪
♪ WITH ALL HER DREAMS ♪
>> I SERIOUSLY LIKE NEED
TO GET OUT OF HERE.
I'M SORRY, I JUST CAN'T...
LET'S GET OUT OF HERE.
HOLD ON.
ALL RIGHT, THANK YOU.
>> WHAT, WE'RE LEAVING?
WHY AREN'T WE STAYING?
>> (sighing)
>> YOU BUMMED?
>> I'M SO BUMMED RIGHT NOW.
>> ON THE WHOLE NIGHT?
>> YEAH.
>> SKINNY-DIP SESH, LATER.
>> NO.
>> ♪ WHEN YOU DISAPPEAR ♪
♪ WITHOUT A TRACE ♪
♪ COLOR FADES FROM VIEW ♪
♪ AND ALL YOUR SHADOWS ♪
♪ STARE ME IN THE FACE ♪
♪ IT'S A SHARP TURN ♪
♪ THAT TAKES ME FAR ♪
♪ FROM WHERE I WANT TO BE ♪